doc: make implicity the users must set envtest (#3709)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/quickstart.md

operator-sdk create api --group cache --version v1 --kind Memcached --resource=true --controller=true
```

> ### You must configure your test environment

Reviewer: Configure Test Environment (REQUIRED for building the operator)

Reviewer 2: I disagree with changing the headers. Can we add a sentence in this section (and possibly in the section that includes `make docker-build`) about the reasons for the necessity of this step.

Author: let us know wdyt now @joelanford ?

> ### You must configure your test environment

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure Test Environment (REQUIRED for building the operator)
```

> ### Configure Test Environment (REQUIRED for building the operator)

Author: ```suggestion
### Configuring your test environment 
**(REQUIRED for building the operator)**
```
